---
layout: default
title: Python Leiden User Group | Meetup Monday, January 27, 2025
---

# Meetup Monday, January 27, 2025

Our very first meeting! The meeting will take place from 20:00 - 22:00.

### Location

Our meeting will take place at the "[Denksportcentrum](https://www.denksportcentrumleiden.nl/)",
a venue which is the home of various mind sports clubs. We’ll be using the big room, while the
Leiden Go Club (the board game, not the programming language) will be in a smaller room. The
bar will be open before and after the meetup for drinks.

### How to get there

The Denksportcentrum is located at Robijnstraat 4, 2332 KE Leiden. It’s easily reachable by
public transportation. Take bus line 2 from Leiden Central Station (direction: 'De Vink')
and get off at 'Opaalstraat,' which is a short walk from the venue. Alternatively, it’s less
than 10 minutes by bike from Leiden Central Station, where OV bikes are available.

### By car

In the area around the Denksportcentrum, there is plenty of parking space. Until 21:00 you have
to pay for parking. After 21:00, parking is free.

### Contents of the meeting

At this meeting, we have three talks planned:

- **Talk 1**: FawltyDeps: Finding undeclared and unused dependencies in your notebooks and projects by Johan
- **Talk 2**: How to use `uv` for dependency management by Michiel
- **Talk 3**: How I used Python in my Maths study by Tobias

### Price

We have to rent the venue. To offset these costs, we ask for a small contribution of €6 per person.
At the venue you can make the payment via Tikkie, a QR code, bank transfer or cash.

### How to register

To register, sign up on our [Meetup event page](https://www.meetup.com/leiden-python-user-group/events/305358713/).
Meetup accounts let you receive notifications for future events and allow us to track attendance.
If you’d rather not use Meetup.com, feel free to just show up!

We’re excited to meet you and kick off this Python community in Leiden. See you there!

[Back to the homepage](/)
