---
layout: default
title: Python Leiden User Group | Meetup Thursday, January 22nd, 2026
---

# Meetup Thursday, January 22, 2026

Our first year anniversary! The meeting will take place from 19:15 - 22:00. It
will be held at Technolab in Leiden ([How to reach us](/how-to-reach-us.html)).

This includes free pizza provided by our food sponsor
[Samotics](https://samotics.com). (Soft drinks available at the Space Leiden
bar for a small fee, tea, coffee and water are free). If you do not care about
pizza, feel free to join us at 20:00!

### Contents of the meeting

At this meeting, we have three talks planned:

#### Talk 1: Simple perfect setup: Handy task runner for data projects. Prefect.io

by Reinout van Rees

This is a reprise of Reinouts talk at PyUtrecht in November 2025, which he
gladly offers to do again for us in Leiden.

#### Talk 2: Python + PostgreSQL in 2026

by Aleksandr Dinu

#### Talk 3: PR vs ROC Curves - which to use?

by dr. ir. Sultan K. Imangaliyev

Many data practitioners use Precision-Recall (PR) and Receiver Operating
Characteristics (ROC) curves interchangeably, but they tell very different
stories — especially when your data is imbalanced. In this talk, Sultan will
explain:

- What PR and ROC curves actually mean (in simple terms)
- How they differ in their assumptions
- When to use one over the other (with real examples)
- Show a live demo using Python and scikit-learn

### About our meetups

Our talks happen in a friendly and informal setting. They are a great way to
learn new things, share your knowledge, and meet other Python enthusiasts.
There is always room for questions and discussion. Our presentations and talks
are in English to be accessible for the large amount of non-Dutch speakers in
the Python community.

### Price

The meetup is free of charge. Drinks are available for a small fee. We ask for
a small donation to help cover small expenses, but this is not required.

### How to register

To register, sign up on our
[Meetup event page](https://www.meetup.com/python-leiden-user-group/events/312031455/).
Meetup accounts let you receive notifications for future events and allow us to
track attendance.

{% include button.html text="Register at Meetup.com"
url="https://www.meetup.com/python-leiden-user-group/events/312031455/" %}

We’re excited to meet you and have you be a part of the Python community in
Leiden. See you there!

[Back to the homepage](/)
