---
layout: default
title: Python Leiden User Group | Meetup Thursday, November 13, 2025
---

# Meetup Thursday, November 13, 2025

Our sixth meeting, and the final meeting of 2025! The meeting will take place
from 19:15 - 22:00. It will be held at Technolab in Leiden
([How to reach us](/how-to-reach-us.html)).

This includes free pizza provided by our food sponsor
[Samotics](https://samotics.com). (Soft drinks available at the Space Leiden
bar for a small fee, tea, coffee and water are free). If you do not care about
pizza, feel free to join us at 20:00!

### Contents of the meeting

At this meeting, we have three talks planned. If you read this and would like
to give a talk at a future meeting too, please reach out to us!

#### Talk 1: Python and MongoDB, a perfect marriage

by Mathijs Gaastra

In this talk, Mathijs will share his experiences using Python with MongoDB, a
popular NoSQL database. He will discuss the advantages of using MongoDB for
certain types of applications, and how Python's flexibility and ease of use
make it a great fit for working with MongoDB.

#### Talk 2: Deploying Python apps to your own infra with Github Actions

by Michiel Beijen

Learn how to use Github Actions to deploy your Python applications to your own
infrastructure. This talk will cover setting up CI/CD pipelines, managing
secrets, and best practices for deployment. We'll look at how to use
self-hosted runners to make deployment super easy!

#### Talk 3: Identifying "blast beats" in music using Python

by Lino Mediavilla

Blast beats are a type of drum beat originating in hardcore punk and grindcore
music, and are now commonly used in extreme metal genres such as death metal
and black metal.

In this talk, Lino will discuss how he & his group of friends used Python to
create the
[Blast Beat Counter](https://github.com/MutilatedPeripherals/blastbeat-counter)
to analyze audio recordings and identify instances of blast beats. This
involves Python, spectogram analysis, beautiful visualizations and some music!

### About our meetups

Our talks happen in a friendly and informal setting. They are a great way to
learn new things, share your knowledge, and meet other Python enthusiasts.
There is always room for questions and discussion. Our presentations and talks
are in English to be accessible for the large amount of non-Dutch speakers in
the Python community.

### Price

The meetup is free of charge. Drinks are available for a small fee. We ask for
a small donation to help cover small expenses, but this is not required.

### How to register

To register, sign up on our
[Meetup event page](https://www.meetup.com/python-leiden-user-group/events/310885151/).
Meetup accounts let you receive notifications for future events and allow us to
track attendance.

{% include button.html text="Register at Meetup.com"
url="https://www.meetup.com/python-leiden-user-group/events/310885151/" %}

We’re excited to meet you and have you be a part of the Python community in
Leiden. See you there!

[Back to the homepage](/)
