---
layout: default
title: Python Leiden User Group | Meetup Thursday, September 4, 2025
---

# Meetup Thursday, September 4, 2025

Our fifth meeting! The meeting will take place from 20:00 - 22:00. It will be held at
Technolab in Leiden, near the Lammenschans railway station.

### Contents of the meeting

At this meeting, we have three talks planned:

#### Talk 1: Architecture of the Transformer model

by Priyanjali Goel

A presentation on the architecture of the Transformer model, focusing on the encoder-decoder structure to give people more understanding on how platforms like ChatGPT work.

#### Talk 2: HTMX, the postmodern way of adding modern web features to your app

by Jan Murre

Instead of using a full-blown JavaScript framework, HTMX allows you to add modern web features to your app with minimal effort. This talk will cover how HTMX works and how it can be integrated into existing projects.

#### Talk 3: Memory Graph: Teaching tool and debugging aid in context of references, mutable data types, and shallow and deep copy

by Bas Terwijn

Learn the right mental model to think about Python data, visualize the structure of your data to easily understand and debug any data structure.
Understand function calls, variable scope, and the complete program state through call stack visualization with the memory_graph tool.

### About our meetups

Our talks happen in a friendly and informal setting. They are a great way to learn new things, share your knowledge, and meet other Python enthusiasts.
There is always room for questions and discussion.
Our presentations and talks are in English to
be accessible for the large amount of non-Dutch speakers in the Python community.

### Location

Our meeting location is kindly provided by [Technolab](https://www.technolableiden.nl/), an organization that offers
science education for children and teenagers. We're very happy to be able to use their facilities.
We’ll be using the big meeting room, while the
people from "[The Space Leiden](https://spaceleiden.nl/)", a local hacker/makerspace, will also be present in the
building. The Space will be open starting 19:00.

#### How to get there

Technolab is located in the building above the Plus supermarket (Bètaplein 28).
This is a 5 minute walk from the Leiden Lammenschans railway station. It’s also easily reachable by bus.

If you travel by car, the best place to park your car is at [Parking Leiden Lammenschans](https://parkingleidenlammenschans.nl/)
which is located in the basement of the building where Technolab is. Parking costs around €2 per hour.

### Price

The meetup is free of charge. Drinks are available for a small fee. We ask for a small donation to help cover small expenses, but this is not required.

### How to register

To register, sign up on our [Meetup event page](https://www.meetup.com/python-leiden-user-group/events/308921156/).
Meetup accounts let you receive notifications for future events and allow us to track attendance.

{% include button.html text="Register at Meetup.com" url="https://www.meetup.com/python-leiden-user-group/events/308921156/" %}

If you’d rather not use Meetup.com, feel free to just show up!

We’re excited to meet you and have you be a part of the Python community in Leiden. See you there!

[Back to the homepage](/)
